README.md, before:

# Brainfuck GUI (Wasm)

## Instructions

This is a brainfuck interpreter built using [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org) language with the [egui](https://www.egui.rs) immediate mode GUI library. It's simple enough to demonstrate the usage of egui with WebAssembly (aka Wasm).

To run it locally in your Web browser, you can use [trunk](https://trunkrs.dev), and go to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080):

```bash
trunk serve
```

### Alternative

The Wasm file is served through Cloudflare Pages. To see it in action, open your Web browser and navigate to [https://brainfuck-gui-rs.jaudiger.dev/](https://brainfuck-gui-rs.jaudiger.dev/).

## CI / CD

The CI/CD pipeline is configured using GitHub Actions. The workflow is defined in the [`.github/workflows`](.github/workflows) folder:

- Static Analysis (source code, GitHub Actions)
- Code Audit (on each Cargo dependencies update, or run each day through CronJob)
- Deployment

Additionally, Dependabot is configured to automatically update dependencies (GitHub Actions, Cargo dependencies).

## Repository configuration

The settings of this repository are managed from the [gitops-deployments](https://github.com/jaudiger/gitops-deployments) repository using Terraform. The actual configuration applied is located in the Terraform module [`modules/github-repository`](https://github.com/jaudiger/gitops-deployments/tree/main/modules/github-repository).

Commit message:

chore(README): add explanation about how to run the GUI locally as a desktop application
Signed-off-by: Jérémy Audiger <jeremy.audiger@icloud.com>

README.md, after:

# Brainfuck GUI (Wasm)

## Instructions

This is a brainfuck interpreter built using [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org) language with the [egui](https://www.egui.rs) immediate mode GUI library. It's simple enough to demonstrate the usage of egui with WebAssembly (aka Wasm).

To run it locally in your Web browser, you can use [trunk](https://trunkrs.dev), and go to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080):

```bash
trunk serve
```

Wasm is not the only target of this application, the GUI can also be run as a desktop application with:

```bash
cargo run
```

### Alternative

The Wasm file is served through Cloudflare Pages. To see it in action, open your Web browser and navigate to [https://brainfuck-gui-rs.jaudiger.dev/](https://brainfuck-gui-rs.jaudiger.dev/).

## CI / CD

The CI/CD pipeline is configured using GitHub Actions. The workflow is defined in the [`.github/workflows`](.github/workflows) folder:

- Static Analysis (source code, GitHub Actions)
- Code Audit (on each Cargo dependencies update, or run each day through CronJob)
- Deployment

Additionally, Dependabot is configured to automatically update dependencies (GitHub Actions, Cargo dependencies).

## Repository configuration

The settings of this repository are managed from the [gitops-deployments](https://github.com/jaudiger/gitops-deployments) repository using Terraform. The actual configuration applied is located in the Terraform module [`modules/github-repository`](https://github.com/jaudiger/gitops-deployments/tree/main/modules/github-repository).
